
# [Bottom Left Tree Value](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-bottom-left-tree-value/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-28)

## Intuition
To find the bottom left value of a binary tree, we perform a depth-first search (DFS) and keep track of the maximum depth reached so far. 
Whenever we encounter a node whose depth is greater than the maximum depth seen so far, we update the maximum depth and the bottom left value.

## Approach
1. Initialize variables `ans` (to keep track of the maximum depth seen so far) and `value` (to store the bottom left value).
2. Perform a DFS on the tree, passing the current node and its depth as parameters.
3. If the current node is null, return.
4. If the depth of the current node is greater than `ans`, update `ans` to the current depth and `value` to the value of the current node.
5. Recursively call the function for the left and right children of the current node with an increased depth.
6. Finally, return the `value` as the bottom left value of the tree.

## Complexity Analysis
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the tree. We visit each node exactly once.
- Space complexity: O(h), where h is the height of the tree. This is the space used by the recursion stack, which is at most the height of the tree.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int ans = 0, value = 0;

    public int findBottomLeftValue(TreeNode root) {
        ans = -1;
        value = 0;

        helper(root, 0);
        return value;
    }

    public void helper(TreeNode root, int height) {
        if (root == null)
            return;
        if (height > ans) {
            ans = height;
            value = root.val;
        }
        helper(root.left, height + 1);
        helper(root.right, height + 1);

    }
}
