
# [Least Number of Perfect Squares](https://leetcode.com/problems/perfect-squares/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-02-08)

## Intuition
We can solve this problem using a breadth-first search (BFS) approach. We start with the given number `n` and consider all its possible square roots as candidates to form the sum. We continue this process for each new number obtained, incrementing a counter for each level of the BFS until we find a perfect square that equals the target `n`.

## Approach
1. Initialize a queue `queue` and a set `visit` to keep track of visited numbers.
2. Add the input number `n` to the queue.
3. Initialize a counter `count` to 0 to keep track of the number of perfect squares used so far.
4. While the queue is not empty, increment `count` by 1.
5. For each number in the current level of the BFS, find its square root and iterate from 1 to the square root:
   - If the square of the iterator is equal to the current number, return `count`.
   - If the difference between the current number and the square of the iterator is not visited yet, add it to the queue and mark it as visited in the set.
6. If the loop completes without finding a perfect square, continue to the next level of the BFS.
7. Return `count` if a perfect square is found, otherwise return 0.

## Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n^(3/2)), where n is the input number `n`. The worst-case time complexity occurs when `n` is a perfect square, and each level of the BFS has to iterate through all numbers from 1 to sqrt(n).
- Space complexity: O(n^(1/2)), where n is the input number `n`. The space complexity is dominated by the queue and set used in the BFS.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int numSquares(int n) {
        Queue<Integer> queue = new LinkedList<>();
        HashSet<Integer> visit = new HashSet<>();
        if (n > 0)
            queue.add(n);
        int count = 0;

        while (!queue.isEmpty()) {
            count++;
            int size = queue.size();
            for (int j = 1; j <= size; j++) {
                int value = queue.poll();
                int div = (int) Math.sqrt(value);

                for (int i = 1; i <= div; i++) {
                    if ((value - i * i) == 0)
                        return count;

                    else if (visit.add(value - i * i))
                        queue.add(value - i * i);
                }
            }

        }

        return count;

    }
}
