## Intuition

Assume you are an awesome parent and want to give your children some cookies. Each child `i` has a greed factor `g[i]`, which is the minimum size of a cookie that the child will be content with. Each cookie `j` has a size `s[j]`. If `s[j] >= g[i]`, we can assign the cookie `j` to the child `i`, and the child `i` will be content. Your goal is to maximize the number of your content children and output the maximum number.

## Approach

### Sorting
Sorting is essential to optimize the distribution of cookies among children. Sort both the greed factors (`g`) and cookie sizes (`s`) arrays.

### Greedy Approach
1. Iterate through the sorted cookie sizes array (`s`).
2. For each cookie size, check if it can satisfy the greed factor of the current child (`g[temp]`).
3. If yes, assign the cookie to the child, increment both the answer (`ans`) and the index for greed factors (`temp`).

### Exit Condition
Break the loop if the index for greed factors (`temp`) exceeds or equals the length of the greed factors array (`g`), indicating that all children have been satisfied.

### Return Result
The variable `ans` holds the maximum number of content children, so return it.

## Complexity

### Time Complexity: O(N log N)
The time complexity is dominated by the sorting step, where both greed factors and cookie sizes arrays are sorted.

### Space Complexity: O(1)
The algorithm uses a constant amount of extra space, regardless of the input size. The sorting is done in-place, and no additional data structures are used.

## Code

```java
class Solution {
    public int findContentChildren(int[] g, int[] s) {
        Arrays.sort(g);
        Arrays.sort(s);
        int temp = 0;
        int ans = 0;
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length; i++) {
            if (temp >= g.length) break;
            if (s[i] >= g[temp]) {
                ans++;
                temp++;
            }
        }
        return ans;
    }
}
