
# [Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-03-03)
# Intuition
To remove the nth node from the end of the linked list, we can first find the length of the linked list. Then, we can iterate to the node before the target node and update its `next` pointer to skip the target node.

# Approach
1. Initialize a variable `len` to 0 and a pointer `temp` to the head of the linked list.
2. Iterate over the linked list using `temp` to find its length `len`.
3. Reset `temp` to the head of the linked list and initialize a variable `prev` to null.
4. Calculate the position of the target node from the beginning of the linked list as `pos = len - n`.
5. If `pos` is 0, the target node is the head of the linked list, so return `head.next`.
6. Iterate over the linked list using `temp` to reach the node before the target node (at position `pos-1`).
7. Update the `next` pointer of `prev` to skip the target node.
8. Set `temp` to null to remove the target node from memory.
9. Return `head`.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. We need to traverse the linked list twice, once to find its length and once to reach the node before the target node.
- Space complexity: O(1) as we are using only a constant amount of extra space.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public ListNode removeNthFromEnd(ListNode head, int n) {
        int len = 0;
        ListNode temp = head;
        
        while(temp != null) {
            len++;
            temp = temp.next;
        }
        
        temp = head;
        ListNode prev = null;
        int pos = len - n;
        if(pos == 0) return head.next;
        
        for(int i = 0; i < pos; i++) {
            prev = temp;
            temp = temp.next;
        }
        prev.next = temp.next;
        temp = null;
        return head;
    }
}
