
# [Length of Longest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-palindrome/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-06-04)

## Intuition
To find the length of the longest palindrome that can be built with the given letters, we can iterate over the characters in the string `s` and keep track of the characters that occur an odd number of times. These characters can be used as the center of the palindrome, while the characters that occur an even number of times can be used on both sides of the center.

## Approach
1. Initialize a HashSet `set` to store characters that occur an odd number of times.
2. Initialize a variable `length` to 0 to store the length of the longest palindrome.
3. Iterate over the characters in string `s`.
   - If the character is already in `set`, it means it occurred an odd number of times before, so we increment `length` by 2 and remove the character from `set`.
   - Otherwise, we add the character to `set`.
4. If `set` is not empty at the end, it means there are characters that occurred an odd number of times and can be used as the center of the palindrome. In this case, we increment `length` by 1.
5. Return `length`, which represents the length of the longest palindrome that can be built with the given letters.

## Complexity Analysis
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the length of the input string `s`. We iterate over `s` once.
- Space complexity: O(n), where n is the length of the input string `s`. The HashSet `set` can contain at most n/2 characters if all characters occur an odd number of times.

## Code
class Solution {
    public int longestPalindrome(String s) {
        HashSet<Character> set = new HashSet<>();
        char ch;
        int length = 0;
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            ch = s.charAt(i);
            if (set.contains(ch)) {
                length += 2;
                set.remove(ch);
            } else
                set.add(ch);
        }
        if (!set.isEmpty())
            length++;
        return length;
    }
}
