# [Find Valid Matrix Given Row and Column Sums](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-valid-matrix-given-row-and-column-sums/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-07-20)

## Problem Description
You are given two arrays `rowSum` and `colSum` of non-negative integers where `rowSum[i]` is the sum of the elements in the `i`th row and `colSum[j]` is the sum of the elements of the `j`th column of a 2D matrix. In other words, you do not know the elements of the matrix, but you do know the sums of each row and column.

Find any matrix of non-negative integers of size `rowSum.length x colSum.length` that satisfies the `rowSum` and `colSum` requirements.

Return a 2D array representing any matrix that fulfills the requirements. It's guaranteed that at least one matrix that fulfills the requirements exists.

### Example
- Input: `rowSum = [3, 8], colSum = [4, 7]`
- Output: `[[3, 0], [1, 7]]`

## Solution Explanation

### Approach
1. **Matrix Initialization**:
   - Initialize a 2D matrix of size `rowSum.length x colSum.length`.

2. **Filling the Matrix**:
   - Iterate through the matrix, and for each cell, determine the minimum value between the remaining row sum and column sum. Assign this value to the matrix cell and update the remaining row and column sums.

3. **Handling Boundary Conditions**:
   - Adjust row and column pointers based on whether the row sum or column sum has been depleted.

### Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(m * n), where m is the number of rows and n is the number of columns. Each cell in the matrix is processed once.
- **Space Complexity**: O(m * n), for storing the resulting matrix.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int[][] restoreMatrix(int[] rowSum, int[] colSum) {
        int rows = rowSum.length;
        int cols = colSum.length;
        int cur_row = 0, cur_col = 0;
        int[][] res = new int[rows][cols];

        while (cur_row < rows || cur_col < cols) {
            if (cur_row >= rows) {
                res[rows - 1][cur_col] = colSum[cur_col];
                cur_col++;
                continue;
            } else if (cur_col >= cols) {
                res[cur_row][cols - 1] = rowSum[cur_row];
                cur_row++;
                continue;
            }

            int value_to_put = Math.min(rowSum[cur_row], colSum[cur_col]);
            rowSum[cur_row] -= value_to_put;
            colSum[cur_col] -= value_to_put;
            res[cur_row][cur_col] = value_to_put;

            // Move to the next row or column if the current row or column sum is depleted
            if (rowSum[cur_row] == 0) {
                cur_row++;
            }
            if (colSum[cur_col] == 0) {
                cur_col++;
            }
        }
        return res;
    }
}
