# [Sort an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-07-25)

## Problem Description
Given an array of integers `nums`, sort the array in ascending order and return it.

You must solve the problem without using any built-in functions in O(nlog(n)) time complexity and with the smallest space complexity possible.

### Example
- Input: `nums = [5, 2, 3, 1]`
- Output: `[1, 2, 3, 5]`

## Solution Explanation

### Approach
1. **Merge Sort**:
   - Implement the Merge Sort algorithm which has a time complexity of O(n log n) and is suitable for sorting with the required time complexity.
   - **Divide**: Recursively divide the array into halves until each sub-array contains a single element.
   - **Merge**: Merge the sorted sub-arrays back into a single sorted array.

2. **Merge Operation**:
   - Use an auxiliary array to merge two sorted halves.
   - Compare elements from both halves and copy them in sorted order.

### Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(n log n), where n is the number of elements in the array. This is due to the merge sort's divide-and-conquer approach.
- **Space Complexity**: O(n), for the temporary array used during the merge operation.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int[] sortArray(int[] nums) {
        mergeSort(nums, 0, nums.length - 1);
        return nums;
    }

    private void mergeSort(int nums[], int left, int high) {
        if (left >= high) return;
        int mid = left + (high - left) / 2;
        mergeSort(nums, left, mid);
        mergeSort(nums, mid + 1, high);
        merge(nums, left, mid, high);
    }

    private void merge(int nums[], int left, int mid, int high) {
        int[] merge = new int[high - left + 1];
        int i = left, j = mid + 1, k = 0;
        while (i <= mid && j <= high) {
            if (nums[i] < nums[j]) merge[k++] = nums[i++];
            else merge[k++] = nums[j++];
        }
        while (i <= mid) merge[k++] = nums[i++];
        while (j <= high) merge[k++] = nums[j++];
        
        int m = left;
        for (int l = 0; l < merge.length; l++) {
            nums[m++] = merge[l];
        }
    }
}
