# [Minimum Deletions to Make String Balanced](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-deletions-to-make-string-balanced/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-07-301653)

## Problem Description
You are given a string `s` consisting only of characters `'a'` and `'b'`. 

You can delete any number of characters in `s` to make `s` balanced. A string is considered balanced if there is no pair of indices `(i, j)` such that `i < j` and `s[i] = 'b'` and `s[j] = 'a'`.

Return the minimum number of deletions needed to make `s` balanced.

### Example
- Input: `s = "aabb"`
- Output: `0`
- Explanation: The string `"aabb"` is already balanced.

- Input: `s = "bbaaaabb"`
- Output: `4`
- Explanation: To make the string balanced, you need to delete the first 2 `'b'`s and the last 2 `'a'`s, resulting in `"bbaa"`, which is balanced.

## Solution Explanation

### Approach
1. **Initialization**:
   - Use two variables, `res` to keep track of the minimum deletions needed and `count` to count the number of `'b'`s encountered so far.

2. **Traverse the String**:
   - Iterate through each character of the string.
   - If the character is `'b'`, increment the `count` of `'b'`s.
   - If the character is `'a'` and there are previous `'b'`s, it indicates a balanced violation, so increment the `res` by 1 and decrement the `count` of `'b'`s.

3. **Return Result**:
   - The result `res` represents the minimum number of deletions required to make the string balanced.

### Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(n), where `n` is the length of the string. This is due to the single pass through the string.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1), as only a few extra variables are used.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int minimumDeletions(String s) {
        int res = 0, count = 0;
        for (char c : s.toCharArray()) {
            if (c == 'b')
                count++;
            else if (count != 0) {
                res++;
                count--;
            }
        }
        return res;
    }
}
