
# [Reverse Prefix of Word](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-prefix-of-word/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-05-01)

## Intuition
To reverse the segment of the word that starts at index 0 and ends at the index of the first occurrence of ch, we can iterate through the characters of the word until we find ch. Then, we can reverse the substring from index 0 to the index of ch (inclusive) and concatenate it with the remaining part of the word.

## Approach
1. Initialize a variable `temp` to store the characters from index 0 to the index of ch (inclusive).
2. Iterate through each character of the word.
   - If the current character is equal to ch, set the index variable to the current index and break out of the loop.
   - Otherwise, append the current character to `temp`.
3. Append ch to `temp`.
4. If the index is still -1, return the original word since ch does not exist in the word.
5. Otherwise, extract the substring from index `index + 1` to the end of the word and store it in the variable `last`.
6. Reverse the `temp` string using the `reverse` method.
7. Return the concatenation of `temp` and `last`.

## Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the length of the input word. We iterate through the characters of the word to find the index of ch.
- Space complexity: O(n), for the `temp` string and the `last` substring.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public String reversePrefix(String word, char ch) {
        String temp="";
        int index=-1;
        for(int i=0;i<word.length();i++){
            char c=word.charAt(i);
            if(ch==c){
                index=i;
                break;
            }
            temp+=c;
        }
        temp+=ch;
        if(index==-1)return word;
        String last=word.substring(index+1,word.length());
        temp=reverse(temp);
        return temp+last;
    }
    public String reverse(String str){
        StringBuilder st=new StringBuilder(str);
        return st.reverse().toString();
    }
}
