
# [Remove Nodes with Greater Value on Right Side](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nodes-from-linked-list/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-05-06)

## Intuition
To remove nodes with a greater value on the right side, we can traverse the linked list from right to left while maintaining a maximum value encountered so far. If a node's value is less than the maximum value encountered, we include it in the result, otherwise, we skip it.

## Approach
1. Traverse the linked list from left to right and push each node onto a stack.
2. Pop each node from the stack and compare its value with the maximum value encountered so far.
3. If the node's value is less than the maximum value, add it to the result linked list.
4. Update the maximum value if necessary.
5. Return the result linked list.

## Complexity Analysis
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. We traverse the linked list twice, once to push nodes onto the stack and once to pop nodes and create the result linked list.
- Space complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the linked list. We use a stack to store nodes temporarily.

## Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for singly-linked list.
 * public class ListNode {
 *     int val;
 *     ListNode next;
 *     ListNode() {}
 *     ListNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     ListNode(int val, ListNode next) { this.val = val; this.next = next; }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    public ListNode removeNodes(ListNode head) {
        Stack<ListNode> stack = new Stack<>();
        ListNode current = head;

        // Traverse the linked list and push nodes onto the stack
        while (current != null) {
            stack.push(current);
            current = current.next;
        }

        // Pop nodes from the stack and create the result linked list
        current = stack.pop();
        int maximum = current.val;
        ListNode resultList = new ListNode(maximum);

        while (!stack.isEmpty()) {
            current = stack.pop();
            if (current.val < maximum) {
                ListNode newNode = new ListNode(current.val);
                newNode.next = resultList;
                resultList = newNode;
            } else {
                maximum = current.val;
            }
        }

        return resultList;
    }
}
