# [Shortest Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-palindrome/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-09-20)

## Problem Description
You are given a string `s`. You can convert `s` to a palindrome by adding characters in front of it.

Return the shortest palindrome you can find by performing this transformation.

### Example
- Input: `s = "aacecaaa"`
- Output: `"aaacecaaa"`

## Solution Explanation

### Approach
1. **Reverse the String**: Create a reversed version of the input string.
2. **Find Matching Prefix**: Iterate through the original string to find the longest prefix which is also a suffix in the reversed string. This can be done by checking substrings from the end of the string to the beginning.
3. **Construct Shortest Palindrome**: Add the characters from the reversed string that are not part of the matched prefix to the front of the original string.

### Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(n^2), where n is the length of the string, due to the substring comparison in the loop.
- **Space Complexity**: O(n), for storing the reversed string.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public String shortestPalindrome(String s) {
        String rev = reverser(s);
        int index = 0;
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            if (s.substring(0, s.length() - i).equals(rev.substring(i))) {
                index = i;
                break;
            }
        }
        String ans = rev.substring(0, index);
        ans += s;
        return ans;
    }
    
    public String reverser(String str) {
        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder(str);
        return sb.reverse().toString();
    }
}
