# 🌲 [Maximum Ancestor Difference in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-difference-between-node-and-ancestor/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-11
) 🌳

# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
The code aims to find the maximum value `v` for which there exist different nodes `a` and `b` where `v = |a.val - b.val|` and `a` is an ancestor of `b` in a binary tree.

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->

**Explanation:**
1. **Initialization:**
    - `int min, max`: Variables to track the minimum and maximum values encountered during traversal.
    - `int diff`: Variable to store the maximum ancestor difference.

2. **Depth-First Search (DFS):**
    - Recursively traverse the binary tree using DFS.
    - For each node, update the `min` and `max` based on the current node's value.
    - Calculate the maximum ancestor difference (`diff`) for each node and update it if a new maximum is found.

3. **Final Result:**
    - The `diff` variable holds the maximum ancestor difference in the binary tree.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n)
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

- Space complexity: O(h)
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(h)$$ -->

```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode left;
 *     TreeNode right;
 *     TreeNode() {}
 *     TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 *         this.val = val;
 *         this.left = left;
 *         this.right = right;
 *     }
 * }
 */
class Solution {

    public int maxAncestorDiff(TreeNode root) {

		if (root == null)

			return 0;

		int min = root.val, max = root.val;

		diff(root, min, max);

		return diff;

	}

	public int diff = 0;

	public void diff(TreeNode root, int min, int max) {

		if (root == null)

			return;

		diff = Math.max(diff, Math.max(Math.abs(min - root.val), Math.abs(max - root.val)));

		min = Math.min(min, root.val);

		max = Math.max(max, root.val);

		diff(root.left, min, max);

		diff(root.right, min, max);

	}
}
