# [Randomized Set](https://leetcode.com/problems/insert-delete-getrandom-o1/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-16)

# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
The code implements a RandomizedSet class that supports insertion, removal, and retrieval of random elements in average O(1) time complexity.

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->

**Explanation:**
1. **Initialization:**
    - Initialize a Random object (`random`), a HashMap (`map`) to store values and their indices, an array (`vals`) to store values, and an index variable (`i`) to keep track of the current number of elements.

2. **Insert Operation:**
    - Use the `putIfAbsent` method of the map to check if the value is already present.
    - If the value is not present, insert it into the map with the current index (`i`).
    - If the array size (`vals.length`) is insufficient, double the array size.
    - Insert the value at the current index (`i`) in the array.
    - Increment the index (`i`) and return `true`.

3. **Remove Operation:**
    - Use the `remove` method of the map to remove the value and get its index.
    - If the value is not present, return `false`.
    - If the removed index is less than `i - 1`, replace the removed value in the array with the last value.
    - Update the index of the last value in the map.
    - Decrement the index (`i`) and return `true`.

4. **Get Random Operation:**
    - Generate a random index (`index`) between `0` and `i - 1`.
    - Return the value at the random index in the array.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(1) (average)
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(1)$$ -->

- Space complexity: O(n)
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

```java
class RandomizedSet {
    private final Random random = new Random();
    private final Map<Integer, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
    private int[] vals = new int[32];
    private int i = 0;

    public RandomizedSet() {

    }

    public boolean insert(int val) {
        Integer added = map.putIfAbsent(val, i);
        if (added != null)
            return false;

        if (i >= vals.length) {
            vals = Arrays.copyOf(vals, vals.length * 2);
        }
        vals[i++] = val;
        return true;
    }

    public boolean remove(int val) {
        Integer removed = map.remove(val);
        if (removed == null)
            return false;

        if (removed < i - 1) {
            vals[removed] = vals[i - 1];
            map.put(vals[i - 1], removed);
        }
        i--;
        return true;
    }

    public int getRandom() {
        int index = random.nextInt(i);
        return vals[index];
    }
}
