🌲 [MPseudo-Palindromic Paths in Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/pseudo-palindromic-paths-in-a-binary-tree/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-24) | DFS Approach | Recursive Solution 🌐
# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->
The code aims to find the number of pseudo-palindromic paths in a binary tree. A path is considered pseudo-palindromic if at least one permutation of the node values in the path is a palindrome. The solution utilizes a Depth-First Search (DFS) approach to explore the tree.

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->

**Explanation:**
1. **Initialization:**
    - `int ans = 0;`: Initializes a variable to store the number of pseudo-palindromic paths.
    - `HashSet<Integer> set = new HashSet<>();`: Initializes a set to track the occurrences of digit values.

2. **DFS Function:**
    - `DFS(root, set);`: Calls the DFS function with the root node and the set.

3. **DFS Recursive Function:**
    - `public void DFS(TreeNode root, HashSet<Integer> set) { ... }`: Recursive function to explore the binary tree.

4. **Updating Set:**
    - `if (set.contains(root.val)) set.remove(root.val);`: Checks and updates the set based on the current node value.
    - `else set.add(root.val);`: Adds the current node value to the set.

5. **Leaf Node Check:**
    - `if (root.left == null && root.right == null && set.size() <= 1) ans++;`: Checks if the current node is a leaf and the set size is at most 1 (indicating a pseudo-palindromic path). If true, increments the answer.

6. **Recursive Calls:**
    - `DFS(root.left, new HashSet<>(set));`: Recursively explores the left subtree with a new set.
    - `DFS(root.right, new HashSet<>(set));`: Recursively explores the right subtree with a new set.

7. **Returning the Result:**
    - Returns the final count of pseudo-palindromic paths.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n)
<!-- Add your time complexity here, e.g. $$O(n)$$ -->

- Space complexity: O(h), where h is the height of the tree.
<!-- Add your space complexity here, e.g. $$O(h)$$ -->
```java
class Solution {
    int ans = 0;

    public int pseudoPalindromicPaths(TreeNode root) {
        HashSet<Integer> set = new HashSet<>();
        DFS(root, set);
        return ans;
    }

    public void DFS(TreeNode root, HashSet<Integer> set) {
        if (root == null)
            return;
        else if (set.contains(root.val))
            set.remove(root.val);
        else
            set.add(root.val);

        if (root.left == null && root.right == null && set.size() <= 1)
            ans++;

        DFS(root.left, new HashSet<>(set));
        DFS(root.right, new HashSet<>(set));
    }
}
