## Problem Link
[LeetCode - Arithmetic Slices II - Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/arithmetic-slices-ii-subsequence/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-01-07)

## Intuition

The problem involves counting the number of arithmetic subsequences in an integer array. An arithmetic subsequence is a sequence of at least three elements where the difference between any two consecutive elements is the same. The provided solution uses dynamic programming to track the number of valid subsequences.

## Approach

1. Initialize a 2D array `dp` of size `n x n` to store the count of arithmetic subsequences.
2. Create a `HashMap` `map` to store the indices of each unique element in the array.
3. Iterate through the array and update `map` with the indices of each element.
4. Initialize a variable `sum` to 0 to store the total count of arithmetic subsequences.
5. Nested loops `i` and `j` iterate through the array to find valid subsequences:
    - Calculate the expected next element `a` in the subsequence.
    - Check if `map` contains `a`, and if yes, iterate through the indices in `map.get(a)` to update `dp[i][j]`.
    - Add the value of `dp[i][j]` to `sum`.
6. Return the final value of `sum`.

## Complexity

- Time complexity: O(n^2)
- Space complexity: O(n^2)

## Code

```java
class Solution {
    public int numberOfArithmeticSlices(int[] nums) {
        int n = nums.length;
        int[][] dp = new int[n][n];
        HashMap<Long, ArrayList<Integer>> map = new HashMap<>();
        
        for(int i = 0; i < n; i++){
            long temp = nums[i];
            if(!map.containsKey(temp)){
                map.put(temp, new ArrayList<Integer>());
            }
            map.get(temp).add(i);
        }

        int sum = 0;
        for(int i = 1; i < n; i++){
            for(int j = i + 1; j < n; j++){
                long a = 2L * nums[i] - nums[j];
                if(map.containsKey(a) ){
                    for(int k : map.get(a)){
                        if(k < i){
                            dp[i][j] += dp[k][i] + 1;
                        }else{
                            break;
                        }
                    }
                }
                sum += dp[i][j];
            }
        }
        return sum;
    }
}
