
## [Reveal Cards in Increasing Order](https://leetcode.com/problems/reveal-cards-in-increasing-order/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-10)

## Question
You are given an integer array `deck`. There is a deck of cards where every card has a unique integer. The integer on the ith card is `deck[i]`.

You can order the deck in any order you want. Initially, all the cards start face down (unrevealed) in one deck.

You will do the following steps repeatedly until all cards are revealed:

- Take the top card of the deck, reveal it, and take it out of the deck.
- If there are still cards in the deck then put the next top card of the deck at the bottom of the deck.
- If there are still unrevealed cards, go back to step 1. Otherwise, stop.

Return an ordering of the deck that would reveal the cards in increasing order.

Note that the first entry in the answer is considered to be the top of the deck.

## Approach
1. Sort the `deck` array in ascending order.
2. Create a queue `q` and add indices from 0 to n-1, where n is the length of `deck`.
3. Create a result array `res` of length n.
4. Iterate over the sorted `deck` array:
   - Pop an index from the queue `q` and set `res[index]` to the current card value.
   - Add the next index from `q` to the back of the queue.
5. Return the result array `res`.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the queue `q` and the result array `res`, where n is the length of the input `deck`.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n log n) due to the sorting of the `deck` array, where n is the length of the input `deck`.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int[] deckRevealedIncreasing(int[] deck) {
        int n = deck.length;
        Arrays.sort(deck);
        Queue<Integer> q = new LinkedList<>();
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
            q.add(i);
        }
        int[] res = new int[n];
        for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
            res[q.poll()] = deck[i];
            q.add(q.poll());
        }
        return res;
    }
}

