
## [Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-15)

## Question
You are given the root of a binary tree containing digits from 0 to 9 only.

Each root-to-leaf path in the tree represents a number.

For example, the root-to-leaf path 1 -> 2 -> 3 represents the number 123.
Return the total sum of all root-to-leaf numbers. Test cases are generated so that the answer will fit in a 32-bit integer.

A leaf node is a node with no children.

## Approach
1. Define a recursive function `sum` that takes a TreeNode `n` and an integer `s` as arguments.
2. If `n` is null, return 0.
3. If `n` is a leaf node (both left and right children are null), return `s` multiplied by 10 and added to the value of `n`.
4. Recursively call `sum` on the left child of `n`, passing `s` multiplied by 10 and added to the value of `n`.
5. Recursively call `sum` on the right child of `n`, passing `s` multiplied by 10 and added to the value of `n`.
6. Return the sum of the results from steps 4 and 5.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(h), where h is the height of the binary tree, due to the recursive calls on the stack.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the binary tree, as each node is visited once.

## Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 * int val;
 * TreeNode left;
 * TreeNode right;
 * TreeNode() {}
 * TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 * TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 * this.val = val;
 * this.left = left;
 * this.right = right;
 * }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    public int sumNumbers(TreeNode root) {
        return sum(root, 0);
    }

    public int sum(TreeNode n, int s) {
        if (n == null)
            return 0;
        if (n.right == null && n.left == null)
            return s * 10 + n.val;
        return sum(n.left, s * 10 + n.val) + sum(n.right, s * 10 + n.val);
    }
}
