
## [Island Perimeter](https://leetcode.com/problems/island-perimeter/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-18)

## Question
You are given row x col grid representing a map where grid[i][j] = 1 represents land and grid[i][j] = 0 represents water.

Grid cells are connected horizontally/vertically (not diagonally). The grid is completely surrounded by water, and there is exactly one island (i.e., one or more connected land cells).

The island doesn't have "lakes", meaning the water inside isn't connected to the water around the island. One cell is a square with side length 1. The grid is rectangular, width and height don't exceed 100. Determine the perimeter of the island.

## Approach
1. Initialize `output` to 0.
2. Iterate over each cell in the grid.
3. If the cell is land (grid[i][j] == 1), increment `output` by 4.
4. Check the neighboring cells:
   - If the left neighbor is land, decrement `output` by 1.
   - If the right neighbor is land, decrement `output` by 1.
   - If the top neighbor is land, decrement `output` by 1.
   - If the bottom neighbor is land, decrement `output` by 1.
5. Return `output`.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(1) as the space used is constant regardless of the input.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n*m), where n is the number of rows and m is the number of columns in the grid, as we iterate over each cell once.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int islandPerimeter(int[][] grid) {
        int output = 0;

        for (int i = 0; i < grid.length; i++) {
            for (int j = 0; j < grid[i].length; j++) {
                if (grid[i][j] == 1) {
                    output += 4;

                    if (j - 1 >= 0 && grid[i][j - 1] == 1)
                        output -= 1;

                    if (j + 1 != grid[i].length && grid[i][j + 1] == 1)
                        output -= 1;

                    if (i - 1 >= 0 && grid[i - 1][j] == 1)
                        output -= 1;

                    if (i + 1 != grid.length && grid[i + 1][j] == 1)
                        output -= 1;
                }
            }
        }
        return output;
    }
}
