
## [Number of Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-islands/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-19)

## Question
Given an m x n 2D binary grid grid which represents a map of '1's (land) and '0's (water), return the number of islands.

An island is surrounded by water and is formed by connecting adjacent lands horizontally or vertically. You may assume all four edges of the grid are all surrounded by water.

## Approach
1. Initialize `count` to 0.
2. Iterate over each cell in the grid.
3. If the cell is land (grid[i][j] == '1'), increment `count` by 1 and call a helper function `def` to mark all connected land cells as visited.
4. In the `def` function, mark the current cell as visited by changing the value to '0'.
5. Recursively call `def` for the top, bottom, left, and right neighbors of the current cell if they are within the bounds of the grid and are land cells ('1').
6. Repeat steps 3-5 for all cells in the grid.
7. Return `count`, which represents the number of islands.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(m*n), where m is the number of rows and n is the number of columns in the grid, as we may visit all cells in the worst case.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(m*n), where m is the number of rows and n is the number of columns in the grid, as we visit each cell once and perform a constant amount of work.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int numIslands(char[][] grid) {
        int count=0;
        for(int i=0;i<grid.length;i++){
          for(int j=0;j<grid[0].length;j++){
            if(grid[i][j]=='1'){
              count++;
              def(grid,i,j);
            }
          }
        }
        return count;
    }
    private void def(char[][] grid,int row,int col){
      if(row<grid.length&&row>=0&&col<grid[0].length&&col>=0&&grid[row][col]=='1'){
        grid[row][col]='0';
        def(grid,row+1,col);
        def(grid,row,col+1);
        def(grid,row-1,col);
        def(grid,row,col-1);

      }
    }
}
