
## [Isomorphic Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/isomorphic-strings/description/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-02)

## Question
Given two strings `s` and `t`, determine if they are isomorphic.

Two strings `s` and `t` are isomorphic if the characters in `s` can be replaced to get `t`.

All occurrences of a character must be replaced with another character while preserving the order of characters. No two characters may map to the same character, but a character may map to itself.

## Approach
1. Check if the lengths of `s` and `t` are equal. If not, return false.
2. Create a HashMap `map` to store the mapping of characters from `s` to `t`.
3. Iterate over the characters of `s` and `t` in parallel.
   - If `map` does not contain the character from `s`, check if `t` already contains the mapped character. If it does, return false.
   - If `map` contains the character from `s`, check if the mapped character is equal to the character from `t`. If not, return false.
4. If the loop completes without returning false, return true.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the use of HashMap `map`, where n is the length of the input strings `s` and `t`.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n) because we iterate through the characters of the strings `s` and `t` once, where n is the length of the input strings `s` and `t`.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public boolean isIsomorphic(String s, String t) {
        if (s.length() != t.length()) {
            return false;
        }
        HashMap<Character, Character> map = new HashMap<>();
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            if (!map.containsKey(s.charAt(i))) {
                if (map.containsValue(t.charAt(i))) {
                    return false;
                }
                map.put(s.charAt(i), t.charAt(i));
            } else {
                char c = map.get(s.charAt(i));
                if (c != t.charAt(i)) {
                    return false;
                }
            }
        }
        return true;
    }
}
