
## [Make The String Great](https://leetcode.com/problems/make-the-string-great/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-05)

## Question
Given a string `s` of lower and upper case English letters. A good string is a string which doesn't have two adjacent characters `s[i]` and `s[i + 1]` where:
- 0 <= i <= s.length - 2
- `s[i]` is a lower-case letter and `s[i + 1]` is the same letter but in upper-case or vice-versa.

To make the string good, you can choose two adjacent characters that make the string bad and remove them. You can keep doing this until the string becomes good.

Return the string after making it good. The answer is guaranteed to be unique under the given constraints. Notice that an empty string is also good.

## Approach
1. Use a stack `stack` to keep track of characters in the string `s`.
2. Iterate over each character `ch` in `s`.
   - If the stack is not empty and the top of the stack is a different case of `ch`, pop the top character from the stack.
   - Otherwise, push `ch` onto the stack.
3. After iterating through `s`, build the result string `res` by popping characters from the stack and reversing the order.
4. Return the reversed result string `res`.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the stack `stack`, where n is the length of the input string `s`.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n) because we iterate through the characters of the string `s`, where n is the length of `s`.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public String makeGood(String s) {
        Stack<Character> stack = new Stack<>();

        for (char ch : s.toCharArray()) {
            if (stack.size() > 0 && stack.peek() != ch) {
                String s1 = "" + stack.peek();
                String s2 = "" + ch;

                if (s1.toLowerCase().equals(s2.toLowerCase()))
                    stack.pop();
                else
                    stack.push(ch);
            } else
                stack.push(ch);

        }

        String res = "";
        while (stack.size() > 0)
            res += stack.pop();

        return reverse(res);
    }

    public String reverse(String str){
        StringBuilder st=new StringBuilder(str);
        return st.reverse().toString();
    }
}
