
## [Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-remove-to-make-valid-parentheses/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-06)

## Question
Given a string `s` of '(' , ')' and lowercase English characters. Your task is to remove the minimum number of parentheses ( '(' or ')', in any positions ) so that the resulting parentheses string is valid and return any valid string.

A parentheses string is valid if and only if:
- It is the empty string, contains only lowercase characters, or
- It can be written as AB (A concatenated with B), where A and B are valid strings, or
- It can be written as (A), where A is a valid string.

## Approach
1. Use a stack `stack` to keep track of indices of '(' characters.
2. Iterate over each character `ch` in the string `s`.
   - If `ch` is an alphabetic character, skip it.
   - If `ch` is '(', push its index onto the stack.
   - If `ch` is ')':
     - If the stack is not empty and the top of the stack corresponds to a '(' character, pop the top element from the stack.
     - Otherwise, push the index of ')' onto the stack.
3. After iterating through `s`, build the result string `sb` by appending characters from `s` that are not in the set `set`.
4. Return the result string `sb`.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the stack `stack` and the set `set`, where n is the length of the input string `s`.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n) because we iterate through the characters of the string `s`, where n is the length of `s`.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public String minRemoveToMakeValid(String s) {
        Stack<Integer> stack = new Stack<>();

        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            char ch = s.charAt(i);
            if (Character.isAlphabetic(ch)) {
                continue;
            }
            if (ch == '(') {
                stack.push(i);
            } else {
                if (!stack.isEmpty() && s.charAt(stack.peek()) == '(') {
                    stack.pop();
                } else {
                    stack.push(i);
                }
            }
        }

        StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
        HashSet<Integer> set = new HashSet<>(stack);
        for (int i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
            if (!set.contains(i)) {
                sb.append(s.charAt(i));
            }
        }
        return sb.toString();
    }
}
