
## [Number of Students Unable to Eat Lunch](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-students-unable-to-eat-lunch/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-08)

## Question
The school cafeteria offers circular and square sandwiches at lunch break, referred to by numbers 0 and 1 respectively. All students stand in a queue. Each student either prefers square or circular sandwiches.

The number of sandwiches in the cafeteria is equal to the number of students. The sandwiches are placed in a stack. At each step:

- If the student at the front of the queue prefers the sandwich on the top of the stack, they will take it and leave the queue.
- Otherwise, they will leave it and go to the queue's end.

This continues until none of the queue students want to take the top sandwich and are thus unable to eat.

You are given two integer arrays `students` and `sandwiches` where `sandwiches[i]` is the type of the i​​​​​​th sandwich in the stack (i = 0 is the top of the stack) and `students[j]` is the preference of the j​​​​​​th student in the initial queue (j = 0 is the front of the queue). Return the number of students that are unable to eat.

## Approach
1. Initialize a queue `q` and a stack `st`.
2. Push the sandwiches onto the stack and the preferences of the students onto the queue.
3. Iterate until either the queue is empty or all students have been checked:
   - If the preference of the student at the front of the queue matches the sandwich on the top of the stack, remove the student from the queue and pop the sandwich from the stack.
   - Otherwise, move the student to the back of the queue and increment a counter `last`.
4. Return the size of the queue, which represents the number of students unable to eat.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(n) due to the queue `q` and the stack `st`, where n is the number of students.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n^2) in the worst case because in each iteration, we potentially move all students to the end of the queue, and this can happen up to n times, where n is the number of students.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int countStudents(int[] students, int[] sandwiches) {
        int l = students.length;
        Queue<Integer> q = new LinkedList<>();
        Stack<Integer> st = new Stack<>();
        
        for (int i = 0; i < l; i++) {
            st.push(sandwiches[l - i - 1]);
            q.offer(students[i]);
        }

        int last = 0;
        while (q.size() > 0 && last < q.size()) {
            if (st.peek() == q.peek()) {
                st.pop();
                q.poll();
                last = 0;
            } else {
                q.offer(q.poll());
                last++;
            }
        }

        return q.size();    
    }
}
