
## [Time Taken to Finish Buying Tickets](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-needed-to-buy-tickets/?envType=daily-question&envId=2024-04-09)

## Question
There are n people in a line queuing to buy tickets, where the 0th person is at the front of the line and the (n - 1)th person is at the back of the line.

You are given a 0-indexed integer array `tickets` of length n where the number of tickets that the ith person would like to buy is `tickets[i]`.

Each person takes exactly 1 second to buy a ticket. A person can only buy 1 ticket at a time and has to go back to the end of the line (which happens instantaneously) in order to buy more tickets. If a person does not have any tickets left to buy, the person will leave the line.

Return the time taken for the person at position `k` (0-indexed) to finish buying tickets.

## Approach
1. Initialize a variable `time` to 0.
2. If the number of tickets that person `k` wants to buy is 1, return `k + 1` (since each person takes 1 second to buy a ticket).
3. Iterate until person `k` has bought all their tickets:
   - For each person in the line, if they have tickets left, decrement their ticket count and increment the `time`.
   - If person `k` has bought all their tickets, return the `time`.

## Space Complexity
- The space complexity is O(1) because we use only a constant amount of extra space for variables.

## Time Complexity
- The time complexity is O(n * m) in the worst case, where n is the number of people in the line and m is the maximum number of tickets any person wants to buy.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int timeRequiredToBuy(int[] tickets, int k) {
        int n = tickets.length;
        int time = 0;

        if (tickets[k] == 1)
            return k + 1;

        while (tickets[k] > 0) {
            for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
                if (tickets[i] != 0) {
                    tickets[i]--;
                    time++;
                }
                if (tickets[k] == 0)
                    return time;
            }
        }
        
        return time;
    }
}
